At the start of the day,
with the sun yet to rise,
We are making our way
with the sleep in our eyes,
and we pray.
We are there with a smile
for the people we meet.
Some may stop for a while,
some pass by on the street, but we stay.
It’s the life that we choose;
For Jehovah we live.
And whatever he asks, we will do.
In the work we endure,
Whether sunshine or rain.
It’s a way we can say ev’ry day:
“I love you.”
At the end of the day,
with the sun sinking low,
Feeling happy and tired,
in our heart there’s a glow,
and we pray.
It’s a life that we love,
always giving our best.
And Jehovah we thank,
for by him we are blessed ev’ry day.
It’s the life that we choose;
For Jehovah we live.
And whatever he asks, we will do.
In the work we endure,
Whether sunshine or rain.
It’s a way we can say ev’ry day:
“I love you.”